welcome back to Matlock store-room
reviews and today I have the final
figure for the Marvel Legends spider-man
3 series comes with the left arm of the
Sandman build a figure very cool have
him complete and do a review on him
tomorrow and this of course is venom so
overall it looks pretty good but we'll
get in more to him when we get him out
of the package there's just a bio there
on venom
everybody pretty much knows who venom is
though
get a stat one final look at the entire
series which I have already reviewed
venom is the final figure of course to
build a figure stay in there and this
set was made by Hasbro in 2007 so let's
take a quick break and we'll get him out
of the package alright we were back with
venom first off the left arm of Sandman
very cool so reviewing him to mark onto
venom no accessories with this back but
Venom's pretty cool probably one of my
favorites out of this line really um I'd
say my top was the spider-man of course
but in a close second would be this
venom the body mold looks pretty good
it's not my favorite venom but
definitely cool and continuing with the
rest of the series has the nice
sculpting it's got the nice scales and
everything you see all the silver
webbing that's actually sculpted on
looks really nice and along with the
spiders actually sculpted and again you
know I've said this before but just the
the fact that they sculpted these
instead of painted these on is just a
real big plus for me just the time and
effort they put into that you got to
appreciate it's really nice on the head
sculpt there
wedding his eyes are pretty cool and a
pretty cool looking head not my favorite
head sculpt the venom but pretty cool it
was telling out there it's very awesome
he's pretty bulky especially for a movie
figure usually the movie figures kind of
kind of linky and stuff on the bigger
characters but he's got a nice size to
him articulation he has a pretty free
moving head it's not quite a ball joint
it's just on the pivot if you can see
it's just a round ball they're just kind
of rotates around it but it's got a free
amount of movement there that it doesn't
bother me normally these head joints
don't move very freely but it's not too
bad and he does have a ball jointed
shoulder get the swivel out the upper
bicep double-jointed elbows and a ball
jointed wrist and he has pre-molded
hands which is okay doesn't bother me on
this figure a decent torso joint doesn't
move up and down at all but side besides
okay no waist movement his baldwin
advised with double jointed knees and
baldwin and feet and you can see it's
actually a Baldwin eight foot normally
when I saved wall jointed feet they
don't have the actual whole ball in
there but so it looks a little goofier
this way but they work relatively well
and that's about it
so missing some points of articulation
but really not too bad I'm especially
for the movie figures but really this
whole lines really surprised me just
with the amount of detailing and
articulation that they put into them so
definitely cool line to pick up
especially if you can find them as cheap
as I did I'm really happy with it so
anyways that was the spider-man 3 movie
venom thanks for checking it out